The world shall now have built in channels similar to the global charge pool implementation.

Every player is automatically registered as a member of every one of these channels on creation.
By default, they are given no permissions for the channel.
(create a new action which adds them to world channels and call it on player creation)

Default channels have a set of blocking modifiers for every permission.
These modifiers are applied regardless of the default for that permission.
This will be useful for default overrides.
Create a new action which re-evaluates a player's permissions in world channels based on their modifiers.
Call it when modifiers are changed (i.e., a state is added/removed)

Players have an IndexMap of "override" permissions for world channels. (world channel name to channel permission bitset)
There are "force" permissions, and there are "default" permissions.
Force permissions take priority over blocking modifiers. They can be implemented as a simple bitwise operation.
Default permissions take priority of world specific defaults.

If at least one blocking modifier is present, that permission is removed. If none are present,
the permission is reset to the default

Default override solves this class of problem:
1. News anchor adds player to the news
2. Player's state changes, but is not given a blocking modifier
3. Player's permissions are reset to the "default" and they are kicked off of the news regardless
4. News anchor did not intend for this to occur

And force override:
1. Host explicitly gives a player access to a hidden channel and never wants them to lose access
2. Player's state changes
3. Player is kicked out because of world defaults

Use bitwise logic for the conditional checks when possible. Think about the correctness of the math performed.

Config is largely the same as world charge pool config but there are some context specific differences (more complexity).

There are three default channels: News, Courtroom, General

News defaults:
No send, blocked by NoContact
View, blocked by NoPresence

Courtroom defaults:
No send, blocked by NoContact
View, blocked by NoPresence

General defaults:
Send, blocked by NoContact
View, blocked by NoContact
